  Recently in the government, the state of Texas banned the use of student cell phones during the hours of the school day from the first to the last bell. This was done for the purposes of decreasing distractions and encouraging students to pay more attention in class. 
This by itself is actually a great idea for K-12 schools since students will now actually utilize the education they are given. To build on top of that, in college and other forms of further education, students are still finding themselves
victims of "doom scrolling" and other forms of distraction which can strip them away of what they really need to be focusing on and hinder them from "locking in".
  Now, back to the premise of students that have not graduated high school yet. In a world that was built upon the transfer of information across electrical means, the no-phone policy has completely isolated the students from the outside world
which is mostly a good thing, except for when students need access to certain things such as their parents or even depending on the situation, protective services. To help reduce distractions for students yet keep the necessary component
of access to the outside world, I propose we make our smart phones dumb.
  The original phones that were utilized by the whole world back in the early 2000's or "dumb phones" were created for the sole purpose of providing users with the capability of communication in a device that is able to be carried with you wherever you go.
These phones didn't have fancy social services or entertainment capabilities. All they were capable of fulfilling was connecting two people across the world via radio signals and systems.
  This would hugely benefit all students across all grade levels and schooling levels. By eliminating the apps and services of smartphones that keep humans dumb, we can keep the necessary components in a dumb phone, to keep us smart.
  The project idea I propose is that we buy old used and worn out dumb phones that have bluetooth capabilities or transceiver capabilities, and link them to the bluetooth technology in our smartphones so we can use the dumb phone like an extension of a smartphone.
This would give us insane amounts of hands-on experience with some of the most complex and important subjects underneath the electrical engineering umbrella including.
* Signals and Systems
* Technology Recycling
* Mobile App Programming
* Reverse Engineering
There is still much to this idea that needs to be thought out and worked through but I believe that this project will be fun, challenging, great for the future, and most importantly, make the world a better place.
